[Music]
so you remember like a year ago when
Dyson came out with these things the
Dyson headphones combo wearable air
purifier nightmare Gadget I tested them
I reviewed them I gave it a chance it
ended up still being the single dumbest
product I've ever reviewed still is so
imagine my surprise when Dyson unveils a
new product a year later and it's just
headphones it's just like they removed
the stupid air purifier part and Left
Behind the giant metal pair of Dyson
headphones that were kind of
overshadowed last time this is them and
they are
$500 so yeah of course I'm going to give
them a shot because you know on the off
chance that someone out there was turned
off by the super spreader air filter
thing but was still intrigued by the
idea of a pair of super highend and
Dyson active noise cancelling headphones
I'm dedicated to giving these a fair
shake and the thing is the thing is it
might not seem to make much sense until
you consider that airpods Max also exist
in fact the more you compare them the
more it feels like Dyson just saw
airpods Max just getting Dusty sitting
in the corner no updates after 4 years
still has a lightning Port still super
heavy just unchanged and still getting
sales at $550
and thought okay well surely that
audience is looking for an alternative
right and when you put them side by side
it becomes actually pretty clear to me
that what Dyson seems to have done is
aimed to basically one up Apple's
headphones in as many ways as they
possibly could while still being in the
same exact category of huge heavy noise
cancelling headphones so like I said
these things retail at 500 bucks but
that is 50 bucks cheaper than Apples it
has replaceable ear cups for 50 bucks a
piece believe it or not that also
undercuts Apple the rated battery life
is 55 hours which is just dramatically
better more than doubles airpods Max is
20 hours also Dyson's headphones work
the same on both iPhone and Android and
of course these also have a real off
button so yeah uh but anyway I think I
have to start with the fact that these
headphones are somehow heavier even than
Apples these are the heaviest headphones
I've ever tested
451 G which is not great on paper but
the thing that they at least do well is
they kind of they distribute it well
across your head now everything on these
headphones is metal like not just the
ear cups but also the hinges the top
band and then basically just this top
cushion is super soft the left and right
ones actually aren't super soft even
though they look the same and that's
because they've put batteries in here so
the weight now is actually higher off of
the ear cups which is how they manag to
be I'd say just just as comfortable as
airpods Max they feel different but you
know not a high bar they're still super
heavy it's just they're not super
uncomfortable for sitting around and
passively listening for a while and
honestly there's actually a lot of
interesting sometimes clever design with
these headphones the main one really
being these interchangeable back plates
and ear cushions I'll get to how they
sound don't worry but these ear cups are
a quarter twist and an unlock away from
being totally replaceable and then these
back materials is it's just a cap that
is also a quarter twist away from being
totally replaceable as well so they can
both be replaced with different colors
and then you can mix and match different
combos of ear cups and back plates now
you don't actually get like a bunch of
these with the headphones like I said
they're 50 bucks a pair so basically
when you go to their website you choose
between these four base color combos and
I'd say Choose Wisely because then any
extras you want you got to pay for so
you might have seen what people were
doing a few years ago with like mixing
and matching different ear cup colors
with airpods Max Dyson basically I think
saw this but took it to the next logical
level and just said all right we'll
build it right in as a feature and
upsell you and it's it's fine it works
is it a bit of a gimmick kind of yeah
sure but you can also tell they put in
real work with the lock and twist
mechanisms so they don't come off easily
but you can also always unlock and swap
out a new cap which have lots of
different finishes by the way there's
the aluminum one one which is really
shiny and metallic but the colored ones
have like a matte finish they almost
look like a colorware collab another
clever little design thing and this
actually comes from the previous Tyson
headphones is uh this clever little
joystick on the back on the back right
hand side this is almost all of the
physical controls for these headphones
and it's great because it has a bunch of
functionality you can press in to play
pause you can go up or down for volume
left or right moves you through tracks
and it sticks out so it's easy to find
blind you don't even have to see it then
the only other physical control is
double tapping the left ear cup to turn
on and off noise cancellation or
transparency mode unfortunately this
control is extremely finicky and only
works like 50% of the time which sounds
insane Until you realize this is not a
touch surface it's just the cap on top
of the headphones so I imagine it's some
sort of like force sensor so you like
really have to smack the headphones to
change it yeah that's not great but a
couple other small observations uh the
chime that plays when you first put them
on is super loud every time I don't know
why please turn that down but then these
headphones also only twist in One
Direction so that way that's how you get
them to fold flat although they don't
actually totally fold at all so to bring
them with you you need
this this is the case I mean I guess you
don't need this case but this is the one
it comes with this is it's basically two
flat Boards of silicon connected by some
elastic you kind of just push the
headphones down right in there you do
have to shrink them down a little bit
and there is one pocket near the top for
any cables you want to take with you
sure that's fine these headphones also
have on head detection so they can
automatically play when you put them on
and then automatically pause whatever
listening to when you take them off
pretty standard for high-end headphones
and they also have multi-point
Multi-Device connectivity so I had these
paired to both my iPhone and my pixel at
the same time and the Dyson app is
pretty solid it lets you change A&C
modes and it still does that real time
thing where it shows you like a graph of
the last 30 seconds of how loud it is
outside the headphones versus how loud
it is inside the headphones so you can
see that Delta when you have noise
cancellation on fine cool I guess it's
not the most useful feature in the world
but it's still cool to look at once in a
while but then of course how do they
sound they're headphones after all
that's what people want to know so as
your resident uh non audio file but
someone who has listened to a lot of
headphones these sound solid but not
amazing uh actually did listen to a lot
of backtack with the airpods max because
that's that feels like the appropriate
comparison here and the airpods sound
better in basically every single genre
but by like 10 10 to 25% and you can
play with the EQ in the Dyson app but
there's only three presets so there's
neutral that is the flattest most honest
representation it is actually
surprisingly neutral enhanced sounds
closest to airpods Max and it's pretty
good that's my personal favorite for
listening to music there's nice big
range deep subbase and then still has
crisp detailed mids and highs and then
base boost sounds horrible but it does
what it says if you're into that I think
the struggle really is mostly to create
like an open like wide feeling Sound
Stage the inside of the ear cups
actually is pretty shallow it's legit
touching my ear with the fabric so it's
just not the widest Sound Stage and
there isn't as much instrument
separation as I was hoping for but in
general they sound like any other Rock
Solid B+ noise cancelling headphones
would for around like a $300 price point
there are also eight microphones all the
way around for active noise cancellation
and they are decently good at getting
rid of some white noise but they are not
the strongest like Sony's bows and
airpods all cancel way more background
noise and then the transparency mode is
okay the real strength of these
headphones if you must know is
definitely the battery life what they've
done with like getting the battery
cleverly on the band instead of resting
on your ears made a surprisingly big
difference and it's a lot of battery
this battery life is amazing like I've
only had to charge it once during this
super heavy use of like week and a half
testing I've been doing um yeah like 50
Plus hours withc on is like World
beating so great battery life plus they
actually have an off button which they
can't all say they do but at the end of
the day these are still Dyson headphones
like why do these exist that's that's
the real question that I've been
wondering this whole time testing
them and I think the obvious business
101 answer is Dyson spent real R&D money
making this stupid pair of headphones
that have an air filter attached to them
and figured they might as well get their
money's worth and also ship something
that might have a little bit of a larger
addressable Market which is just
headphones so now there's headphones so
if you aim these squarely at airpods Max
which is what I did I feel like that's
the closest thing to them then they
don't seem as ridiculous I mean they're
built just as well they have much more
clever interesting customization going
on they have decent sound they also have
like a solid physical control and
they're much better with batteries so
yeah I guess since they're cheaper they
make sense but however if you compare
them to basically any other high-end
normal pair of noise cancelling
headphones in the 350 range from any of
the other
Majors then yeah these are overpriced
straight up so that's the verdict now
you know at least the people from Dyson
can say they shipped something
thanks for watching catch you guys in
the next one peace
[Music]